# comp20-isennett
What is this purpose of this Git repository?
- I think this Git repository had multiple purposes: 1) at the most basic level it served as a place for us to put/submit our work to be graded 2) having a git repository means your code is all in one and can be accessed by from any computer just by signing into your account 3) we learned how to use git which is an extremely important and helpful tool 4) with git you have version control which if used properly by pushing changes frequently is extremely helpful

What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?
- I really enjoyed building my personal website for the first assignment. I did way more then I needed to do for the assignment because now I have a functional website that I'm proud of and can put on my resume. Getting to build something for a class that is useful professionally and personally is not done enough in classes and I think it is very valuable. Furthermore I really enjoyed designing a website for myself and getting to put my own personal spin on it. Now that I have finished the class, I have the tools to go back to my code and add to it and improve it to make an even stronger website with other elements. 

How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?
- A lot especially in terms of my understanding and appreciation for web development/design! When I first started this course my experience with web design and development was limited to the local website I build for my final concurrency group project and exposure to design choices made by websites I have visited. The website I built before used flask, python, html, jinja, css, and some js(from bootstrap) but my understanding of those tools/languages was very limited. Sure I was able to build a thing but a lot of what I was doing I didn't truly understand. Taking this class has not only taught me so many skills and concepts but it has given me a greater appreciation for what really goes into building and maintaining a website. Before this class I never would have investigated the code/info though developer tools of a website that I really liked or that had a really cool element or effect. This class has made me look at a lot of websites in a new way and I notice a lot more about a website itself rather than just the content. Lastly, this class taught me more about learning things on my own and the skill of Goggling and how to actually find resources that are helpful and that don't lead you down a rabbit hole. 

What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two examples as evidence.
- I'm not sure I can say what the **most** important thing was because for me there were so many but I will talk about one and mention one other. One of the most important things **I learned is how to combine a whole bunch of librarys, languages, and other tools to build a functional and aesthetically pleasing website and the importance of picking the right tool for the right job.** Getting exposure to new tools is important and just like you told us being able to use this tools helps us to not reinvent the wheel. But at the same time we learned how to do some of this stuff without these tools which is important for understanding how something really works and whats going on.
  - For assignments 2 and 3 we used the JSON API, Google Maps API, HTML5 geolocation API, heroku, node.js, express, and mongoDB. For me wrapping my head around the server side stuff was hard especially understanding how heroku, node.js, express, mongoDB and the normal front end code interacted and worked together. 
  - In terms of picking the right tool for the right job my group and I really though hard about what templating engine / framework to use. We were deciding between jade, ejs, jinja(if we used flask), or django. I did a lot of research about the advantages and disadvantages of each in terms of difficulty to use/learn, syntax, capabilities, integration with other things, as well as other pros and cons. We ended up with ejs because it is very easy to integrate with what we had, its easy to learn, as well as other reasons. 

- I wanted to mention one other thing that I think is a very valuable take away from this class: Although this isn't content based one of the most important skills I learned and got to improve upon was how to Google. Whether it be better understanding concepts I didn't understand or looking up how to do something or even just syntax stuff finding a resource or answer that is clear, helpful, and doesn't confuse you more can be challenging at times. 

Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper into?
- I really like the front end side of web development so I would like to learn more about design and how to use the tools out there to make a page look and work the way you want it to. I also want to learn more about how to optimize web designs for usability, accessibility and best user experience. 
